com/justice/shopmanagement/charges/ChargesActivityRecyclerAdapter.java
 com.justice.shopmanagement.charges.ChargesActivityRecyclerAdapter
 com.justice.shopmanagement.charges.ChargesActivityRecyclerAdapter$1
 com.justice.shopmanagement.charges.ChargesActivityRecyclerAdapter$2
 com.justice.shopmanagement.charges.ChargesActivityRecyclerAdapter$ViewHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_justice_shopmanagement_HiltTestActivity_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_justice_shopmanagement_HiltTestActivity_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
com/justice/shopmanagement/BuildConfig.java
 com.justice.shopmanagement.BuildConfig
com/justice/shopmanagement/viewmodel/GoodBuyViewModel.java
 com.justice.shopmanagement.viewmodel.GoodBuyViewModel
com/justice/shopmanagement/alldata/Hilt_ApplicationClass.java
 com.justice.shopmanagement.alldata.Hilt_ApplicationClass
 com.justice.shopmanagement.alldata.Hilt_ApplicationClass$1
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_justice_shopmanagement_ui_FirstPageActivity_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_justice_shopmanagement_ui_FirstPageActivity_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
com/justice/shopmanagement/databinding/FragmentEditGoodsBinding.java
 com.justice.shopmanagement.databinding.FragmentEditGoodsBinding
com/justice/shopmanagement/ui/goods/GoodsFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.justice.shopmanagement.ui.goods.GoodsFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/justice/shopmanagement/repository/GoodsRepository.java
 com.justice.shopmanagement.repository.GoodsRepository
 com.justice.shopmanagement.repository.GoodsRepository$1
 com.justice.shopmanagement.repository.GoodsRepository$DeleteAllNotesAsyncTask
 com.justice.shopmanagement.repository.GoodsRepository$DeleteNoteAsyncTask
 com.justice.shopmanagement.repository.GoodsRepository$InsertNoteAsyncTask
 com.justice.shopmanagement.repository.GoodsRepository$UpdateNoteAsyncTask
com/justice/shopmanagement/ui/goods/GoodsViewModel_AssistedFactory_Factory.java
 com.justice.shopmanagement.ui.goods.GoodsViewModel_AssistedFactory_Factory
com/justice/shopmanagement/databinding/SidebarChargesBinding.java
 com.justice.shopmanagement.databinding.SidebarChargesBinding
com/justice/shopmanagement/model/GoodsBuy.java
 com.justice.shopmanagement.model.GoodsBuy
com/justice/shopmanagement/alldata/DaggerApplicationClass_HiltComponents_SingletonC.java
 com.justice.shopmanagement.alldata.DaggerApplicationClass_HiltComponents_SingletonC
 com.justice.shopmanagement.alldata.DaggerApplicationClass_HiltComponents_SingletonC$1
 com.justice.shopmanagement.alldata.DaggerApplicationClass_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCBuilder
 com.justice.shopmanagement.alldata.DaggerApplicationClass_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl
 com.justice.shopmanagement.alldata.DaggerApplicationClass_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCBuilder
 com.justice.shopmanagement.alldata.DaggerApplicationClass_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl
 com.justice.shopmanagement.alldata.DaggerApplicationClass_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCBuilder
 com.justice.shopmanagement.alldata.DaggerApplicationClass_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCImpl
 com.justice.shopmanagement.alldata.DaggerApplicationClass_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCImpl$ViewWithFragmentCBuilder
 com.justice.shopmanagement.alldata.DaggerApplicationClass_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCImpl$ViewWithFragmentCImpl
 com.justice.shopmanagement.alldata.DaggerApplicationClass_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.justice.shopmanagement.alldata.DaggerApplicationClass_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$ViewCBuilder
 com.justice.shopmanagement.alldata.DaggerApplicationClass_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$ViewCImpl
 com.justice.shopmanagement.alldata.DaggerApplicationClass_HiltComponents_SingletonC$Builder
 com.justice.shopmanagement.alldata.DaggerApplicationClass_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCBuilder
 com.justice.shopmanagement.alldata.DaggerApplicationClass_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCImpl
 com.justice.shopmanagement.alldata.DaggerApplicationClass_HiltComponents_SingletonC$SwitchingProvider
com/justice/shopmanagement/out_of_stock/OutOfStockRecyclerAdapter.java
 com.justice.shopmanagement.out_of_stock.OutOfStockRecyclerAdapter
 com.justice.shopmanagement.out_of_stock.OutOfStockRecyclerAdapter$1
 com.justice.shopmanagement.out_of_stock.OutOfStockRecyclerAdapter$2
 com.justice.shopmanagement.out_of_stock.OutOfStockRecyclerAdapter$ViewHolder
com/justice/shopmanagement/model/GoodsOutOfStock.java
 com.justice.shopmanagement.model.GoodsOutOfStock
com/justice/shopmanagement/di/AppModule_ProvideRetrofitServiceFactory.java
 com.justice.shopmanagement.di.AppModule_ProvideRetrofitServiceFactory
 com.justice.shopmanagement.di.AppModule_ProvideRetrofitServiceFactory$InstanceHolder
com/justice/shopmanagement/out_of_stock/OutOfStockActivity.java
 com.justice.shopmanagement.out_of_stock.OutOfStockActivity
 com.justice.shopmanagement.out_of_stock.OutOfStockActivity$1
 com.justice.shopmanagement.out_of_stock.OutOfStockActivity$2
com/justice/shopmanagement/ui/Hilt_FirstPageActivity.java
 com.justice.shopmanagement.ui.Hilt_FirstPageActivity
com/justice/shopmanagement/database/GoodsDatabase.java
 com.justice.shopmanagement.database.GoodsDatabase
 com.justice.shopmanagement.database.GoodsDatabase$1
 com.justice.shopmanagement.database.GoodsDatabase$PopulateDbAsyncTask
com/justice/shopmanagement/databinding/FragmentAddGoodsBinding.java
 com.justice.shopmanagement.databinding.FragmentAddGoodsBinding
com/justice/shopmanagement/alldata/ApplicationClass_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.justice.shopmanagement.alldata.ApplicationClass_GeneratedInjector
com/justice/shopmanagement/charges/ChargesActivity.java
 com.justice.shopmanagement.charges.ChargesActivity
 com.justice.shopmanagement.charges.ChargesActivity$1
 com.justice.shopmanagement.charges.ChargesActivity$2
 com.justice.shopmanagement.charges.ChargesActivity$3
 com.justice.shopmanagement.charges.ChargesActivity$4
com/justice/shopmanagement/ui/goods/Hilt_GoodsFragment.java
 com.justice.shopmanagement.ui.goods.Hilt_GoodsFragment
com/justice/shopmanagement/databinding/FragmentGoodsBinding.java
 com.justice.shopmanagement.databinding.FragmentGoodsBinding
com/justice/shopmanagement/dao/GoodsDao.java
 com.justice.shopmanagement.dao.GoodsDao
com/justice/shopmanagement/ui/goods/GoodsViewModel_HiltModule.java
 com.justice.shopmanagement.ui.goods.GoodsViewModel_HiltModule
com/justice/shopmanagement/Hilt_HiltTestActivity.java
 com.justice.shopmanagement.Hilt_HiltTestActivity
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_justice_shopmanagement_ui_goods_AddGoodsFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_justice_shopmanagement_ui_goods_AddGoodsFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
com/justice/shopmanagement/alldata/AllData.java
 com.justice.shopmanagement.alldata.AllData
com/justice/shopmanagement/alldata/ApplicationClass_HiltComponents.java
 com.justice.shopmanagement.alldata.ApplicationClass_HiltComponents
 com.justice.shopmanagement.alldata.ApplicationClass_HiltComponents$ActivityC
 com.justice.shopmanagement.alldata.ApplicationClass_HiltComponents$ActivityC$Builder
 com.justice.shopmanagement.alldata.ApplicationClass_HiltComponents$ActivityCBuilderModule
 com.justice.shopmanagement.alldata.ApplicationClass_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC
 com.justice.shopmanagement.alldata.ApplicationClass_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC$Builder
 com.justice.shopmanagement.alldata.ApplicationClass_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedCBuilderModule
 com.justice.shopmanagement.alldata.ApplicationClass_HiltComponents$FragmentC
 com.justice.shopmanagement.alldata.ApplicationClass_HiltComponents$FragmentC$Builder
 com.justice.shopmanagement.alldata.ApplicationClass_HiltComponents$FragmentCBuilderModule
 com.justice.shopmanagement.alldata.ApplicationClass_HiltComponents$ServiceC
 com.justice.shopmanagement.alldata.ApplicationClass_HiltComponents$ServiceC$Builder
 com.justice.shopmanagement.alldata.ApplicationClass_HiltComponents$ServiceCBuilderModule
 com.justice.shopmanagement.alldata.ApplicationClass_HiltComponents$SingletonC
 com.justice.shopmanagement.alldata.ApplicationClass_HiltComponents$ViewC
 com.justice.shopmanagement.alldata.ApplicationClass_HiltComponents$ViewC$Builder
 com.justice.shopmanagement.alldata.ApplicationClass_HiltComponents$ViewCBuilderModule
 com.justice.shopmanagement.alldata.ApplicationClass_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC
 com.justice.shopmanagement.alldata.ApplicationClass_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC$Builder
 com.justice.shopmanagement.alldata.ApplicationClass_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentCBuilderModule
com/justice/shopmanagement/ui/MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.justice.shopmanagement.ui.MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/justice/shopmanagement/dao/OutOfStockDao.java
 com.justice.shopmanagement.dao.OutOfStockDao
com/justice/shopmanagement/ui/goods/EditGoodsActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.justice.shopmanagement.ui.goods.EditGoodsActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/justice/shopmanagement/databinding/ItemGoodsBinding.java
 com.justice.shopmanagement.databinding.ItemGoodsBinding
com/justice/shopmanagement/alldata/ApplicationClass.java
 com.justice.shopmanagement.alldata.ApplicationClass
com/justice/shopmanagement/ui/goods/Hilt_AddGoodsFragment.java
 com.justice.shopmanagement.ui.goods.Hilt_AddGoodsFragment
com/justice/shopmanagement/ui/FirstPageActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.justice.shopmanagement.ui.FirstPageActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/justice/shopmanagement/ui/goods/GoodsViewModel_AssistedFactory.java
 com.justice.shopmanagement.ui.goods.GoodsViewModel_AssistedFactory
com/justice/shopmanagement/di/AppModule_ProvideSharedPreferenceFactory.java
 com.justice.shopmanagement.di.AppModule_ProvideSharedPreferenceFactory
com/justice/shopmanagement/databinding/FragmentFirstPageBinding.java
 com.justice.shopmanagement.databinding.FragmentFirstPageBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_justice_shopmanagement_ui_goods_GoodsFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_justice_shopmanagement_ui_goods_GoodsFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
com/justice/shopmanagement/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.justice.shopmanagement.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_justice_shopmanagement_ui_MainActivity_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_justice_shopmanagement_ui_MainActivity_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_justice_shopmanagement_ui_goods_EditGoodsActivity_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_justice_shopmanagement_ui_goods_EditGoodsActivity_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
com/justice/shopmanagement/databinding/ItemChargesBinding.java
 com.justice.shopmanagement.databinding.ItemChargesBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_justice_shopmanagement_ui_goods_GoodsViewModel_HiltModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_justice_shopmanagement_ui_goods_GoodsViewModel_HiltModuleModuleDeps
com/justice/shopmanagement/ui/Hilt_MainActivity.java
 com.justice.shopmanagement.ui.Hilt_MainActivity
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_justice_shopmanagement_di_AppModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_justice_shopmanagement_di_AppModuleModuleDeps
com/justice/shopmanagement/di/AppModule_ProvideShopRepositoryFactory.java
 com.justice.shopmanagement.di.AppModule_ProvideShopRepositoryFactory
com/justice/shopmanagement/repository/GoodsBuyRepository.java
 com.justice.shopmanagement.repository.GoodsBuyRepository
 com.justice.shopmanagement.repository.GoodsBuyRepository$1
 com.justice.shopmanagement.repository.GoodsBuyRepository$DeleteAllNotesAsyncTask
 com.justice.shopmanagement.repository.GoodsBuyRepository$DeleteNoteAsyncTask
 com.justice.shopmanagement.repository.GoodsBuyRepository$InsertNoteAsyncTask
com/justice/shopmanagement/ui/goods/Hilt_EditGoodsActivity.java
 com.justice.shopmanagement.ui.goods.Hilt_EditGoodsActivity
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_justice_shopmanagement_alldata_ApplicationClass_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_justice_shopmanagement_alldata_ApplicationClass_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
com/justice/shopmanagement/databinding/SideBarBinding.java
 com.justice.shopmanagement.databinding.SideBarBinding
com/justice/shopmanagement/repository/GoodsOutOfStockRepository.java
 com.justice.shopmanagement.repository.GoodsOutOfStockRepository
 com.justice.shopmanagement.repository.GoodsOutOfStockRepository$1
 com.justice.shopmanagement.repository.GoodsOutOfStockRepository$DeleteAllNotesAsyncTask
 com.justice.shopmanagement.repository.GoodsOutOfStockRepository$DeleteNoteAsyncTask
 com.justice.shopmanagement.repository.GoodsOutOfStockRepository$InsertNoteAsyncTask
com/justice/shopmanagement/databinding/ActivityChargesBinding.java
 com.justice.shopmanagement.databinding.ActivityChargesBinding
com/justice/shopmanagement/user/UserLoginData.java
 com.justice.shopmanagement.user.UserLoginData
com/justice/shopmanagement/databinding/ItemOutOfStockBinding.java
 com.justice.shopmanagement.databinding.ItemOutOfStockBinding
com/justice/shopmanagement/HiltTestActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.justice.shopmanagement.HiltTestActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/justice/shopmanagement/viewmodel/GoodsOutOfStockViewModel.java
 com.justice.shopmanagement.viewmodel.GoodsOutOfStockViewModel
com/justice/shopmanagement/ui/goods/AddGoodsFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.justice.shopmanagement.ui.goods.AddGoodsFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/justice/shopmanagement/databinding/ActivityOutOfStockBinding.java
 com.justice.shopmanagement.databinding.ActivityOutOfStockBinding
com/justice/shopmanagement/dao/GoodsBuyDao.java
 com.justice.shopmanagement.dao.GoodsBuyDao
